# di-capstone-project/Suehiro Tea Project
I am interested in creating a webpage for Suehiro because the company has great potential, but needs a starting point to get the ball rolling.  I would enjoy being part of that starting point, and build their webpage from scratch.  Being part of something that is in it's infancy is personally rewarding, and challenging at the same time.  It would give me person pleasure to create Suehiro's webpage.
Suehiro is a Tea Ceremony company, that specializes in traditional Japanese Tea parties.  It is important that they have an informative webpage that describes the subtleties of Japanese Tea Ceremony.  Along with tea services, they are also attempting to establish themselves in the retail market,  selling tea cups and wares to an open market.  Their page will have to be multi-faceted to appeal to future customers, but also look to make a marketing profit.  
I will work hand and hand with the Owners of Suehiro to build a webpage that represents what is most important to their company, while creating visually effective webpage that does not take away from the simple intention of the Tea Ceremony.
The obstacles facing me in this project are minimal.  The two obstacles is time, and the lack of personal experience.  Although I have an idea, experience slows to process.  I will need to utilize all the time I'm alloted to complete this project.
I will devote twelve hours a week to this project, which should take me seven weeks to complete.  Total work time should be around 80 hours.
I will create a webpage with a simple home page, but branches into two children pages that give more information, and branches into smaller subpages.  I will not use a navbar or side bar for the effects.  Instead I will use the page itself as a navigational tool.  Sort of like hidden elements, to give a secret discovery effect.

